# qubIT template java project for unified stack
## FenixFramework Java Project

Inherits from [Vanilla Java Project](https://bitbucket.org/qub-it/terra_template_java_project)

The configuration of a FenixFramework Java Project is the same as a Vanilla Java Project with the adition of an extra file the  `Gero.properties` file.

### Gero.properties

This is a property file used by the generation infra-struture. The only properties you should change are:

* psl.project.defaultBundle: Which will indicate the name of the default bundle screens will be using.
* psl.project.base.package: The base package where the screens will be generated. It's not mandatory but we **strongly suggest** the package to be *artifact_organisation*.*artifact_name*.presentation.screens
* dsl.project.base.package: The base package for domain entities generated by DSL. Also is the base package to be used when generating DML from DSL files. Once again is not mandatory but we **strongly suggest** the package to be *artifact_organization*.*artifact_name*

### Expected project structure

  The structure is the same as the Vanilla java project with the additition of model directories

  * **src/main/java** : includes java sources
  * **src/main/resources**: all non java files that we want to include in the jar. This files can be inside a directory structure, the full structure will be copied.
  * **src/main/dsl** : all dsl files. This file will generate a DML file
  * **src/main/dml** : all dml files (**not recommended** but supported)
  * **src/main/psl** : all psl files

  * **src/main/config**: optional. If exists should include proguard.pro file with proguard configurations.
  * **src/main/config/mappings** (generated directory with mappings for each released version)
